# Generate Http Client for Inter-Microservice Communication with NSwag

In microservices architecture, services often need to communicate with each other. To facilitate this communication, we can generate HTTP clients based on the OpenAPI specifications of the services. NSwag is a powerful tool that allows us to generate C# HTTP clients from OpenAPI specifications.

Prerequisites: You should have the NSwag CLI installed. You can install it globally using the following command:

```bash
dotnet tool install --global NSwag.ConsoleCore
```

## When you need to generate an HTTP client for a microservice, follow these steps:

1. Ensure that the target microservice has its OpenAPI specification available. This is typically exposed at an endpoint like `https://localhost:7003/openapi/v1.json`. You can run the specific microservice and navigate to this URL in your browser to verify that the OpenAPI specification is accessible.

2. The nswag configuration file is located in the `srcs/shared/Communication/HttpClients` directory. You open termnial and navigate to this directory. Then run the following command to generate the HTTP client:

```bash
nswag run # to run with all .nswag files in the directory
nswag run <ConfigFileName>.nswag # to run with a specific .nswag file
```

3. Because we disabled the DTO generation, we need to update the generic response types in the generated client code to use our shared DTOs. For example, `PaginatedResultOfUserListDto` should be updated to `PaginatedResult<UserListDto>`.